welcome to my plener tal
yoga program for the second team esther
The best way to find a place in
the near of the wall because straight in the
third semester is it so that the
belly size is and it is always nice
to have a small support and that the
wall as well as start with a small one
warm up i call that the dance floor
and puts your legs a little further
if you open you might want
the knees bend slightly towards the outside
outside and then you start the basin
to move to the right and to the left
The legs are very loose to the right
and to the left then sometimes the pool
revolve
does move lower is good
something the lower back relaxes the
lower back mobilizes the bottom
push and that makes it so completely in yours
change your own rhythm page
the other way round
then times forward and back is
his breathing always flows
calm and evenly through the nose
and off and again from right to left
and then slowly solve well and something
continue to stay behind the legs
open
pushes the po backwards and supports
Now here on the back wall ok
then try the lower back
to push backwards against the wall
remain completely upright grounding a fusion
switzerland the 10th
because neck is long and then presses
shoulder blades back and stay
this position and breathe here calmly and
evenly through your nose in and out
hold here four more breath attempts
raise yourself quite consciously and
bend your legs just so far that one
good feeling you have a bit allowed
you feel your leg muscles
but it may not be too much for you
effort and then 8 supports itself
with your hands off and come forward
and then I see with the right one
shoulder to the wall and supports yourself
the right hand here laterally and
bring your left arm up
the legs remain open and
I now leaned to the right here
and then start with your left hand
pump
Again, your breathing will flow
let her and her arm after longer
above
and then slowly change to we switch
the left hand side and the right one
poor up
the legs are still open and
which we are the right side
the breathing aids are muscles too
so stretch like those between the
muscles and create space for the
breathing and then pump it again
The legs can be bent back slightly
leave and pump here
and then loosen up slowly again
the back and then start this
to step
that helps everything if you can
Water retention has a bit of the
Activate the vein pump
Ok then go back to the back
we get into the attitude of war du bois
right leg outstretched left leg
Make sure you step down
not so big but stay
relatively small and now builds the right
leg left leg is stretched and
presses diffuse outer edge into the ground
and then either support you here so
that the hands on the pelvic bones
But you can also if you like
you want the arms to the side
stretch out and then look to the right
and stay here the musculature is allowed
Feel it a bit quiet too
shoulder muscles think if that
baby is there then you need strong good
Poor and it never hurts a bit
arm and shoulder muscles to strengthen
press the shoulder blades against the wall
and analysis slowly on so and stay
slowly puts out his right leg and
I leaned now a bit to the side
only very little and is based here
and the left hand stays here
but you also like to be here
supported if it is pleasant for you
you also like to head
bring in the back
The main thing you will get from the wall behind
supported on the back
and then stay here four breaths
slowly analyze and change the
side left foot outward left leg
bend and then only shoulder after
behind
and if you want to raise the arms
his head to the left that his breathing
Flow now consciously try each
from breath to belly and pelvis
to let space flow
the shoulder blades against the wall then
slowly put out the left leg
push your hip back a bit
the right hip tilts slightly
to the left and then stay breathing here
calm again and evenly through the
Nose in and out of here, too
look the right shoulder
press something more against the wall
ok then slowly dissolve on the left leg
because of the feet together and again
Finally, our little pool
dance his tank into the other
direction
and slowly solve okay that was mine
short program for the third semester
I hope I could do something good for you
Until next time